java c ENEM106 Assessment Part 3 - Group Feasibility Study Assignment brief:Produce  a  high-level  feasibility  study  for  the  Pinkery  Outdoor  Education  Centre  with  the  aim  of achieving 100% renewable generation for electricity and heating in a technically and environmentally feasible way. You can include any type of renewable technology that is appropriate for the site and does not contravene any requirements of Exmoor National Park, including storage systems. Data on current energy generation and usage will be provided, and you will have the opportunity to thoroughly explore the site, meet the site manager and take measurements during the week 7 field trip.Although your technical content is important, a key focus of the assignment is your report-writing skills and your ability to work effectively  in a team, ensuring  principles of equality, diversity and inclusion are followed throughout. AHEP4 learning outcomes assessed:M2-FL: Formulate and analyse complex problems to reach substantiated conclusions. This will involve evaluating  available  data  using  first  principles  of  mathematics,  statistics,  natural  science  and engineering  principles,  and  using  engineering  judgment  to  work  with  information  that  may  be uncertain or incomplete, discussing the limitations of the techniques employed. M7-FL: Evaluate the environmental and societal impact of solutions to complex problems (to include the entire life-cycle of a product or process) and minimise adverse impacts M11-FL:  Adopt  an  inclusive  approach  to  engineering  practice  and  recognise  the  responsibilities, benefits and importance of supporting equality, diversity and inclusion (EDI). M16-FL:  Function  effectively  as  an  individual,  and  as  a  member  or  leader  of  a  team.  Evaluate effectiveness of own and team performance. This assignment is worth 50% ofthe overall module mark. Assignment details:Content: You should describe the Pinkery site, including the baseline energy performance, and if this is calculated/estimated/assumed by yourself then explain how this was done. Justify the choice of technology/technologies  for  your  RE-based  system  based  on  technical  evaluation  of  a  range  of parameters (site, resources, demand, etc), and comment on how their sizing was determined and how they work together (or why others were ruled out if it consists of only one technology) . Evaluate the environmental and societal impacts of your proposed solution throughout its lifetime. Discuss the limitations of your approach, and conclude on the viability of your proposed system.Structure: There is no prescribed structure for the report (although you may wish to review some of the  examples  provided  on  ELE)  but  you  should  ensure  a  logical  flow  of  information.  Your  final submission should be professionally presented with the relevant sections expected of 代 写ENEM106 Assessment Part 3 – Group Feasibility StudyJava 代做程序编程语言a consultancy- style. report. Tables and figures: You are encouraged to use tables and figures where appropriate. Make sure you label them properly and refer to them in the text. References:  You  should  consider  citing  academic   papers,  technical   reports  and  other   relevant documents  to  strengthen  your  analysis.   Make  sure  you   properly   reference  any   material  cited (including tables and figures if you didn’t make them yourself) to avoid plagiarism. Use a consistent reference style. of your choice. EDI statement: Please include asummary, agreed with the whole group, of who contributed what to the overall project, how principles of EDI were incorporated in the team approach, and the value that this has added to the project. Peer assessment: You will be  required to complete an online  peer  assessment  reflecting  on and scoring the contributions of each member of the group (including yourself) to the  project. Please ensure full justifications are given for each score awarded in each of the categories. The group mark will be adjusted for individuals based on a statistical analysis of your peer assessment scores. Deadline: 12pm, Wednesday 11th  December 2024 Submission: A single pdf document, via ELE. Each member of the group should submit an identical document. Word limit: 6000 words, to include all formatting and references. You may include appendices, and these will be outside of the word count. However, material in appendices will not be marked, so do not include key content here. Any submissions that exceed the word count by more than 5% will be penalised  by  5%  of  their  mark.  Please  ensure  you  include  the  word  count  in  your  submitted document otherwise the same penalty will be applied. Marking and feedback: Marks and group written feedback will be released at the start of term 2. Mark scheme:Marking criteriaExplanationMarks (%)High level technicalfeasibility assessmentCritical analysis of the site and various factors affecting   the installation, including existing energy consumption  and demand patterns; technical evaluation of the site;    technology selection; demonstration of the advantages  and disadvantages of selected technology/technologies. This section should also consider planning constraintsand any challenges around gaining the necessaryconsents for the project. Limitations of your approach should be discussed.50Impact assessmentEvaluation of the impact of the proposed installation  across its lifecycle, including both environmental and societal impacts.20Presentation and structureUse of references, figures, drawings, tables and clarity in approach of the problem and solving and following the    given criteria for the report.10EDI approachStatement of individual contributions, group approach to EDI, and benefits of inclusion of EDI principles.20

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
